Minutes SRCF committee meeting Tue Feb 20 2001

Venue: the SRCF bunker

Present:

	Jock Busuttil
	Martin Keegan

Apologies:

	Hanna Wallach
	Peter Clay


1. Matters arising

The minutes from the last meeting (Mon 6 November 2000) were not
confirmed.  It was decided that this should be done subsequent to
consultation with the other members of the committee.

2. AGM

It was noted that the AGM must take place this term, and that its date
and venue should be published with fourteen days' notice according to
the SRCF constitution.  It was resolved that Jock would set about
booking a room for the provisional date Friday 16 March, at 7pm (last
day of full term).

Hanna should be given warning to have the accounts prepared for the
AGM.

Appropriate notification to SRCF members and the newsgroups will be
sent out by Martin when the room booking is confirmed.

3. AOB

Constitutional amendments: it was noted that whatever discussion there
had been on the subject of constitutional amendments has long since
expired from the newsgroups.  It was resolved that discussions should
be reopened prior to the AGM to give sufficent time for amendments to
be drafted and submitted to Jock for inclusion on the agenda.

User administration: it was noted that the administration of new users
and societies has been particularly smooth, even given their volume
over recent months.

Hosted societies: it was noted that current society admins should be
contacted next term to provide an easy transition for those who happen
also to be graduating at the end of the year.

Relationship with the CS: it was noted that we have managed to avoid
the wrath of the Computing Service.  This is a Good Thing (TM).  More
importantly, it was proposed that, given this delicate relationship
with the CS, future SRCF committees should be aware of the
responsibilities they have to maintain critical systems such as email.

Relationship with CUSU: it was noted that no formal agreement has yet
been established with CUSU to safeguard the hosting of kern and snook
in 11/12 Trumpington Street.  This should be done, preferably before
the AGM, but certainly before Jock and Martin cease to be responsible
for computing at CUSU.



The meeting closed at 20:35.
