Venue: Meridian office, then Costa Coffee

Present, in order of arrival:
xy352 [Minutes]
jc2483
bc604 (not committee, observer)
lbv21 
btt31

Apologies:
vyl21 was briefly present online before working laptop ran out of battery, and was not able to join in person.

1)
Nomination for new sysadmins was discussed (agenda item 1), with the following two candidates approved by a vote of 4-0 of committee members present:
Sam Hutton (sh2154)
Thomas Griffiths (tsg36)

Agreed that a current sysadmin, ideally Ed (eb677) as committee, should give them sysadmin access.

2) 
Discussed process for onboarding new sysadmins, including encouraging current sysadmins to train new volunteers in best practices. Inconclusive.
No vote was held on agenda item 2, on retirement for inactive sysadmins.

[Chair’s note: Forgot to bring up proposed constitutional amendments for retirement of sysadmins]

3)
Discussed potential new service offerings and collaboration plans.

Decided against the following, for the foreseeable future:
Engagement with Camfess
Matrix bridging service
Email based communication method

Decided in favor of pursuing leads towards these projects:
Reaching out to Student Union officers on creating a system for students to find activities and events. Shelley (xy352) to contact relevant SU officers.

The possibility of formal verification through the Computer Laboratory was raised and welcomed for new projects and undertakings.

4)
Discussed recruitment measures for the next committee.
All committee members present agreed to search their respective friend groups/networks for interested candidates.

5) 
Discussed measures to improve society cohesion and establish a physical presence.
Agreed to attempt in person meetings once per two weeks, open to all to work on their own projects. Ideally two or at least one current committee member to be present at each.

First meeting to be held on March 10th, likely in the Mitre pub. Luke (lbv21) and Shelley (xy352) provisionally signed up to be present at the first session.

Interest in restarting Linux Clinic for interested students, with no set date as of yet.

6)
Decided to set date of AGM before March 21st, as the likely move-out date for current undergraduate students.


Further actions to be taken, at the end of the meeting:

All: speak to specific friends and acquaintances who are not current members of SRCF who may be recruitable fpr committee

Shelley: 
delay Wordpress workshop date due to lack of response on room booking from college
Speak to Sam Hutton about arranging a committee meeting with them

Becky:
Find a room for AGM
Speak to David Khachaturov on speaking opportunities
