-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Dear SRCF user,

Executive summary: IF YOU TYPED *ANY* PASSWORD whilst connected to a SRCF 
computer between 4pm Tuesday 21st April and 11am Thursday 23rd April, YOU 
MUST CHANGE THAT PASSWORD URGENTLY and any other passwords similar to it.

You will also likely see warnings when connecting to the SRCF via SSH or 
SFTP; these warnings should _not_ be ignored.  Read on for information on 
how to deal with them.

======

Detail:

As you are probably aware, the SRCF servers were unavailable between 10am on 
Thursday morning and early this morning.  This is because it was discovered 
that an attacker had broken into the main server at 16:26 on Tuesday 21st 
April, and had gained total access to it and all data stored on it or 
passing through it.

We have endeavoured to get the machine back up as quickly as possible and 
apologise for the inconvenience caused.

The attacker obtained the contents of SSH connections to the main SRCF 
server (pip.srcf.ucam.org, a.k.a. www.srcf.ucam.org, a.k.a. 
kern.srcf.ucam.org, etc.).  In other words, anything displayed in your 
terminal window whilst you were connected to the SRCF will have been 
recorded by the attacker, as will anything you typed into the terminal 
window.

This includes any passwords you typed when making onward connections from 
the SRCF server -- if, from the SRCF, you used a password to make a 
connection to another service (e.g. email, ssh, ftp, irc) then your password 
to that service is probably compromised and should be changed.  This does 
not include your SRCF password, unless you typed it into an application 
running on the SRCF for whatever reason after logging in: for example a 
terminal locking program, or an onward connection.  For this reason we have 
not reset your SRCF password, although we can of course do so on request if 
desired.

If you are unsure about the safety of a given password, it is a good idea to 
change it just in case it has been compromised.

======

Furthermore:  when you next login to the SRCF via SSH or SFTP you will be 
greeted with a scary warning informing you that the SSH host keys of the 
SRCF server have changed.

You should manually compare the fingerprint shown with the new fingerprints 
given below (it should match one) and follow the instructions given by your 
SSH client.

New SSH key fingerprints for pip.srcf.ucam.org:

   RSA:  4d:da:7f:b2:99:9d:42:8b:10:b4:e5:37:d5:bd:43:b4
    or   xizef-zenun-kobem-zacut-tybob-damiv-cageb-lymar-fetom-vucec-zixux
    or   xifet-pezur-dekon-tabum-rigar-gynof-loher-teber-gexix
   DSA:  12:8f:8a:1c:e4:f7:a2:9d:80:a3:ef:85:f8:79:a4:ed
    or   xevaf-zahet-cypac-heser-rihyv-zeril-tanap-lezys-zanyl-kamyp-pixox
    or   xegim-zadyc-sonuz-lomyn-tibop-farim-havul-niniv-tyxax

If none of these match the fingerprint you see on connecting, you should 
inform us immediately and do NOT continue to connect.

======

If you have any concerns or questions, please get in touch and we will do 
our best to help.

Regards,

- -- 
Malcolm Scott
SRCF system administrator
http://www.srcf.ucam.org/

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.9 (GNU/Linux)

iEYEARECAAYFAknxRtIACgkQqXLspnRCg0oG3ACdH2eSrw477jY26pPElLClcUut
feIAn1HsKqW3If6uocUSBTzhjzMJ25ip
=LGwg
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
